Julet tumer is the head of
communications for un she joins us live
from Aman now thank you once again for
being here with us on elera now this
attack on your distribution center in
rough what more detail have you been
able to gather about what exactly
happened and and why it was
targeted look it was hit yesterday
around noon time uh local time in Gaza
it's uh one of our distribution centers
and also a warehouse in Southern Gaza uh
east of of RA City normally between 50
to 60 people uh work there um very sadly
one of our colleagues uh was killed um
in in in that hit and 22 uh were were
injured what effect will this have on
your ability to distribute Aid it is I
believe one of the last remaining
distribution centers that you have
operating in Gaza right
now well fortunately the um impact on
the supplies that we had uh in the
warehouse is very minimal and so we
continue to uh provide humanitarian
assistance and we continue to do
everything possible with very very
little supplies uh coming in by far not
enough as uh uh famine in some parts of
of Gaza looms and we continue to have
that issue with accessing Northern Gaza
yeah there's obviously also the issue of
safety for for your own staff and those
waiting to to collect the aid is there
anything more that you can do at all to
to protect uh to ensure the safety of
your
staff it's up to the Waring parties uh
to make sure that um United Nations
personnel and assets um and facilities
are protected at all times and too many
times during this warom um these
facilities and our Personnel have come
under attack and they've been hit and
it's of course no uh surpris to Israel
that where your distribution centers are
can can you just explain the level of
contact you have with Israeli forces in
regards to how you distribute Aid and
and how that
works so every day anra shares the
coordinates of our facilities across the
Gaza Strip with all parties to the
conflict including with the state of
Israel and I checked uh on this
particular way house and it was uh on
the list and the list was shared a day
before um this hit happened in southern
Gaza okay you you touched on this a
little earlier uh the the issue of
famine in the north of Gaza can you just
give us a bit of an update on uh if any
Aid has been able to get in to Northern
Gaza at this point in
time the northern Gaza and Gaza City is
where are the deepest deepest pockets of
starvation um and um severe hunger have
been identified so um this is uh quite
risky and it means that uh we are just
uh a level down from famine in that part
of Gaza now that's man-made and it can
be averted and it can be averted through
sending on a regular basis supplies
including food to that part of Gaza
which we had Andra as one example were
not able to do since the 29th of January
so more than six weeks now I don't know
if you heard just before uh you came on
uh the program uh we had a a s from
Anthony blinkin who asked Israel to
ensure the safety of humanitarian
workers in Gaza in regards to this
latest attack I mean more than 100 un
workers have been killed so far what if
anything do do blinken's words mean at
this point in
time just to be accurate we lost
165 colleagues at Andra alone who were
killed since the War Began that's the
highest number of Aid workers uh any
time in the history of the United
Nations in in any conflict or natural
disaster there needs to be much more uh
done in this war as well which has rules
as well that should apply to this war to
protect the United Nations personnel and
Facilities by all parties to the
conflict okay thank you so much Julia
once again we really do appreciate your
time here on
elera